docs: password change UI tutorial (#656)
team-alembic/ash_authentication_phoenix: documentation/tutorials/password-change.md

    ~H"""
    <div>
      <.simple_form
        for={@form}
        id="user-password-change-form"
        phx-target={@myself}
        phx-submit="save"
      >
        <.input field={@form[:current_password]} type="password" label="Current Password" />
        <.input field={@form[:password]} type="password" label="New Password" />
        <.input field={@form[:password_confirmation]} type="password" label="Confirm New Password" />
        <:actions>
          <.button phx-disable-with="Saving...">Save</.button>
        </:actions>
      </.simple_form>
    </div>
    """
  end
end
```

This will produce a form with the usual three fields (current password, new password, and confirmation of new password, to guard against typographical errors), and a submit button.  Now let's populate the `@form` assign.

```elixir
  @impl true
  def update(assigns, socket) do
    {:ok,
     socket
     |> assign(assigns)
     |> assign_form()}
  end

  defp assign_form(%{assigns: %{current_user: user}} = socket) do
    form =
      AshPhoenix.Form.for_update(user, :change_password,
        as: "user",
        prepare_source: fn changeset ->
          %{
            changeset
            | data:

>                 Ash.load!(changeset.data, :hashed_password,

Reviewer: Only necessary if using field policies with private fields set to `:include`. By default private fields are just available.

```elixir
  @impl true
  def update(assigns, socket) do
    {:ok,
     socket
     |> assign(assigns)
     |> assign_form()}
  end

  defp assign_form(%{assigns: %{current_user: user}} = socket) do
    form =
      AshPhoenix.Form.for_update(user, :change_password,
        as: "user",
        # Only necessary when using field policies with `private_fields :include`.
        prepare_source: fn changeset ->
          %{
            changeset
            | data:
                Ash.load!(changeset.data, :hashed_password,
                  context: %{private: %{password_change?: true}}
                )
          }
        end,
        actor: user
      )

    assign(socket, form: to_form(form))
  end
```
`update/2` is covered in the `Phoenix.LiveComponent` life-cycle documentation, so we won't go into it here.  The private function `assign_form/1` should look familiar if you have any forms for Ash resources in your application, but with a significant addition: the `prepare_source` option.

> When using field policies, the `@current_user` assign set by AshAuthentication will not contain the value of the `hashed_password` attribute, because it is a private field.  This is what you normally want in your application, but the `:change_password` action needs this to validate the `:current_password` argument, so we need to explicitly load this attribute.  We also pass a private context field to the load operation to use in a field policy that we will write later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using field policies, the `@current_user` assign set by AshAuthentication may not contain the value of the `hashed_password` attribute, because it is a private field (if you are using `private_fields :hide` or `private_fields :include`).  This is what you normally want in your application, but the `:change_password` action needs this to validate the `:current_password` argument. You may need to explicitly load this attribute.  We also pass a private context field to the load operation to use in a field policy that we will write later on.
```

```elixir
  @impl true
  def handle_event("save", %{"user" => user_params}, %{assigns: assigns} = socket) do
    case AshPhoenix.Form.submit(assigns.form, params: user_params) do
      {:ok, user} ->
        assigns.on_saved.()
        {:noreply, socket}

      {:error, form} ->
        {:noreply, assign(socket, form: form)}
    end
  end
```

Again, this should look familiar if you have any forms on your other application resources, but handle the success case a little differently here, calling the function passed by the parent LiveView via the `on_saved` attribute.  This will make more sense when we use this component in a LiveView.

Since the password-change workflow is done entirely in our application code, the [AshAuthentication policy bypass](https://hexdocs.pm/ash_authentication/policies-on-authentication-resources.html) will not pass.  We need to add a policy that allows a user to run the `:change_password` action on themselves.
```elixir
# lib/my_app/accounts/user.ex
  # ...
  policies do
    # ...
    policy action(:change_password) do
      description "Users can change their own password"
      authorize_if expr(id == ^actor(:id))
    end
  end
  # ...
```

> If you are using field policies, we also need to allow `ChangePasswordComponent` to read the `hashed_password` field, as we mentioned earlier.  We need to write a custom check to read the private context we set in the component earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using field policies (with `private_fields :hide` or `private_fields :include`), we also need to allow `ChangePasswordComponent` to read the `hashed_password` field, as we mentioned earlier.  We need to write a custom check to read the private context we set in the component earlier.
```

Author: This doesn't work at all with `private_fields :hide`, unless you use `authorize: false` on the load operation.

Author: I have now moved everything covering field policies to a section at the end.
